

===== PAGE 1 =====
INDIA NON JUDICIAL
Governmento_f_N.eggn_elgFpilef Dglhi
\\ q{a _Te"f -r_ito"_ty_p_f
Trerqrq
e-Stamp
o Certificate No. lN-D178035342588254W
Certificate lssued Date 24-Apr-2024 12:45 PM
a Account Reference IMPACC (tv)t dt7 40403/ DELHr/ DL-DLH
Unique Doc. Reference su Bl N-DLDL7 404031 37 59499375589W
Purchased by MOTHER DAIRY FRUIT AND VEGETABLE PVT LTD
,
N
Description of Document Article 5 General Agreement
Property Description Not Applicable
L
Consideration Price (Rs.) 0
(Zero\
First Party MOTHER DAIRY FRUIT AND VEGETABLE PVT LTD
Second Party Not Applicable
Stamp Duty Paid By MOTHER DAIRY FRUIT AND VEGETABLE PVT LTD
Stamp Duty Amount(Rs.) 100
(One Hundred only)
+
c
I '.:
Please write or type below this line
oz
l
c
AGREEMENT
itnts Re nEEMENT is made & executed at Delhi on 25thApria 2024 by and between Mother Dairy Fruit &
fl/egetable Pvt. Ltd; a Company registered under the provisions of The Companies Act, l-956 having its
&egistered office at 'Mother Dairy', Patparganj, Delhi-110092 (Herein after referred to as "Mother Dairy"
Rwhich expression shall unless repugnant to the context or meaning thereof shall mean & include its permitted
*uccessors and assigns) of the FIRST PART acting through its Authorized Signatory, Sh. Mahesh Shah.
E
L
VI]IAYAI( LOGISTICS II{MA'T, LTD.
AND
qncbr
Alert: Page I of 26
statutory
1 The authenticity of this Starnp certificate should be verified at 'ww.shcilestamp.com' or using e-Stamp i\,4obile App of Stoch Hol(lirrg
Any discrepandy rn the detarrs on this Certificate and as available on the websrie / Mobile Api renaer> rt iilva.,d.
2 The onus of checking the legitimacy is on the users of the certificate
3 In case of any discrepancy please inform lhe Competent Authority

===== PAGE 2 =====
M/s VINAYAK LOGISTICS INDIA PRIVATE UMITED, having its registered office M.G Road, Fancy Bazar,
Guwahati-781001 (Hereinafter referred to as "service Provider" which expression shall unless repugnant to
the context or meaning thereof shall mean and include its permitted successors and assigns) of the SECOND
PART acting through its Authorized Signatory, Sh. pravesh Kabra.
A. WHEREAS Mother Dairy is engaged in the business of manufacturing, procurement, processing,
packaging, sale, supply, distribution, and marketing of various food articles including Milk & Milk
Products, Fresh & Frozen Fruits & Vegetables, Fruit Products, Edible oils, and many other food articles
under the brand name "Mother Dairy',, ,,Safal,, and ,,Dhara.
B. WHEREAS the Service Provider has represented to Mother Dairy that it is engaged in the business of
transportation and distribution of food products of different companies. The Service provider also
represented to Mother Dairy that it has vast experience and knowledge in the business of
transportation and distribution of food products.
c. WHEREAS the Service Provider has further represented that it has all and different kinds of vehicles
in good conditions and equipped with modern technologies such as GpS, Security devices etc. and
such vehicles are suitable for transportations and distribution of different and all kinds of products/
goods/ food products of Mother Dairy.
D. WHEREAS the Service Provider has well experienced, well qualified and fully dedicated manpower,
all necessary infrastructures, necessary technical knowhow, competence, expertise, and facilities to
undertake the transportation and distribution of goods/ products / food articles of Mother Dairy
from one destination to another.
E.
WHEREAS the Service Provider has approached and offered its transportation services to Mother
Dairy for transporting its goods/ products / food articles/ materials of Mother Dairy throughout the
country of India as and when required by Mother Dairy and Mother Dairy has accepted the offer of
the service provider on following terms and conditions.
THEREFORE, BOTH THE PARTIES ENTER INTO THE PRESENT AGREEMENT UPON TERMS AND CONDITIONS
MUTUALLY AGREED AND REDUCED HEREIN:
T.
DEFINITIONS
1.1"Agreement" shall mean this Agreement for Transportation services signed and executed
between the parties together with its Schedules and any subsequent amendments, additions,
deletions, alterations, or modifications to this Agreement along with its Schedules as may be
mutually agreed in writing between the Parties.
1.2 Term shall mean the period of agreement between the parties.
1.3 "Commencement Date" shall mean the date from which the Service Provider's operations for
Mother Dairy will commence and shall be considered as deemed to be effective i.e., from
25th April2O24.
1.4 "Applicable Laws" shall include but is not limited to all applicable local, state, and central laws,
executive orders, rules, regulations, ordinances, codes, orders, notifications and decrees of all
local, state, and central governments or agencies/ authorities comprising jurisdiction in local
limits of whose jurisdiction Services will be provided.
1.5 "Goods" shall mean any product, food item, goods or material as may be required to be
transported by Mother Dairy from time to time through Service provider.
VI}IAYAI( LOGFTrcS NDIAPW. LTD.
-f,u^u#S"b":
Page 2 of 26
( 10'
Dl$otor

===== PAGE 3 =====
1.6 "Authorized Representative" shall mean officers, employees or any other person as authorized
by the Parties to interact and deal with the other Party in respect of this Agreement.
1.7 "vehicle" shall mean the Vehicle of the Service Provider which shall be used from time to time
for transporting Goods of Mother Dairy.
1.8 "Warehouse/Godown" shall include but is not limited to Mother Dairy Warehouse and/or any
premises where Goods are generally stored/ warehoused.
1.9 "Mother Dairy" and "service Provider" wherever the context so requires either party shall
hereinafter individually be referred to as a "Party" and collectively shall be referred to as the
"Parties".
1.10 'FSSAI License" shall mean and include the license obtained from the concerned Licensing
Authority appointed under the provisions of Food Safety and Standards Act, 2006 &
Rules/regulations, 201L for storing/transporting food articles.
2. TERM OF AGREEMENT
The parties acknowledge and agree that this agreement shall be valid for a period of 11 months
effective from 25th April2O24 to 31't March 2025. The agreement may be extended for a further
term as mutually agreed between the parties in writing. lf this agreement is not extended prior to
expiry date, it shall automatically come to an end on the date of expiry without any notice to the
service provider.
3. PRINCIPAL TO PRINCIPAL AGREEMENT
It is agreed by and between the Parties that this Agreement is entered and executed on principal-to-
principal basis, and nothing herein contained shall be construed as a partnership, agency, employer-
employee relationship or association of persons between the parties hereto. In addition of which,
neither party authorizes the other party to make a representation or incur any liability on their
behalf.
4. MODIFICATION & AMENDMENT
No modification or amendment of the terms and conditions of this agreement shall be valid or
binding unless made in writing and duly executed by both the parties. Any term, condition and clause
of this agreement can be altered, modified and/ or amended with mutual written consent of both
the parties in writing. Any such amended term, condition and/ or clause shall form part of the
agreement and shall be binding upon the parties during the pendency or extended period of this
agreement.
5. SCOPE OF SERVICES
5.1 The Service Provider shall as per instructions through e-mail or issued by representative of Mother
Dairy through e-mail, will load the goods, materials, or products of Mother Dairy on its vehicle
from the place directed by Mother Dairy and for any destination as and when directed by Mother
Dairy.
5.2 The Service Provider shall use road-worthy vehicles with all necessary valid permits and licenses
for transportation/ distribution of food products/ goods of Mother Dairy. The vehicle of the
Service Provider shall be in good running condition and mechanically fit.
VIMYAK LOGISTICS INDIAPW. LTD.
Page3 of26
|6"*+tn"s:'
Dlreclor

===== PAGE 4 =====
5'3
The Service Provider shall strictly adhere to the timelines for delivery and follow the scope of
work/Transit Time schedules as given by Mother Dairy.
5.4 The Service Provider has and shall hold during the tenure of this Agreement valid permits and
licenses, motor insurance policies, pollution certificates and any other documents as required
under Motor Vehicle Act, 1988 and its Rules/ Regulations, FSSAI, and all other local/state/ central
laws, rules, regulations, notifications, orders etc. required to use the said vehicles as Carriage
vehicles to transport Goods to the described destination as directed by Mother Dairy.
5.5 The driver of each vehicle of the Service Provider shall have a valid driving license which should be
always available with him. All vehicles of the Service Provider should carry the required Valid
Registration Certificate, Insurance documents, Permits and pollution under Control (pUC)
certificate before deployment and during the act of transportation of goods of Mother Dairy.
5'6 The Service provider shall be responsible for following documents such as RC/Valid vehicle
insurance Certificate/Pollution Certificate/fitness Certificate, or any other statutory certificate
needed to run the vehicle.
5.7 The laborers of the Service Provider shall be experienced, committed, and dedicated ones and shall
perform the loading/unloading (While Transshipment) and discharge his function diligently and
handle the goods with utmost care, so that no damage is caused to the goods/products or any
other property of Mother Dairy and persons/ employees of Mother Dairy and any other person
and any other's property.
5.8 The Service Provider shall ensure Mother Dairy that the goods of Mother Dairy are not transported
along with any other material or thing which may cause damage to the goods of Mother Dairy or
render the insurance with respect to the same invalid.
5.9 In case Mother Dairy receives any complaint against the driver, conductor, staff/ laborer of Service
Provider from any corner, the said complaint shall be shared with Service provider and service
provider shall take immediate action against such erring manpower and Service provider shall not
re-engage such erring manpower on vehicles carrying goods of Mother Dairy furthermore and
Service Provider shall indemnify Mother Dairy for losses, if any, incurred on account of such erring
manpower of the Service Provider.
5.10 Mother Dairy shall have the right and full discretion to change, withdraw, remove the route of
any vehicle or all vehicles of service provider at any point in time during the tenure of this
covenant without any prior notice.
5.11 Mother Dairy reserves their right to freely conduct inspection of fitness, conditions, documents
etc. of vehicles of Service Provider at any point of time as and when Mother Dairy deems proper
with or without notice. The findings of such inspection and/ or recommendation on the basis of
such inspection shall be provided to the Service Provider and the Service Provider shall address
the issue in an effective manner to the satisfaction of Mother Dairy immediately.
5.L2 Mother Dairy shall be free to conduct inspection of driving skill, discipline, punctuality, conduct
etc. of manpower of the Service provider and at any point of time as and when Mother Dairy
deems proper with or without notice. The findings of such inspection and/ or recommendation
on the basis of such inspection shall be shared with Service Provider and Service Provider shall
address the issue in an effective manner immediately to the satisfaction of Mother Dairy.
5.13 The Service Provider shall abide by Scope of Services as mentioned in 'Annexure-l' and its
obligations and responsibilities as mentioned in 'Annelule-l!:.__! rh&h form part of this
Agreement.
VII.IAYAK LOGISTICS INDIAPW. LTD.
Page 4 of26
Dlrr{or

===== PAGE 5 =====
5.
GATE PASS
6.1
Every Vehicle shall be loaded with Goods of Mother Dairy at the Warehouse/Plant or any other
place by the Service Provider as may be directed or instructed by Mother Dairy. The Service
Provider shall be responsible for weighment of the goods along with the warehouse's gate
security in presence of authorized representative of Mother Dairy. The quantity loaded, and the
weight thereof shall be noted on Service Provider's Load Tally Sheet and on Mother Dairy Gate
Pass/Outbound Dispatch Sheet/Transfer Order Summary and the said documents along-with the
Goods shall be handed over to Mother Dairy. Such documents shall be conclusive evidence of
the quantities loaded on the vehicle.
6.2
Mother Dairy shall direct or give instructions as to from where the goods of Mother Dairy are to
be picked up and/or about the destination where the goods are to be delivered. The Service
Provider shall present the required documents to the specified destination to Warehouse's gate
security and/or Mother Dairy's Authorized Representative at the time of handing over the
delivery. The Goods actually received, Load tally sheet and the Gate Pass/Outbound Dispatch
Sheet/Mother Dairy Stock Transfer Number Summary/Consignment Note shall be tallied and
verified by Mother Dairy's Authorized Representative and then receipt of Goods shall be
acknowledged.
7.
CHARGES
In consideration of the Service Provider performing the Services as agreed hereunder, Mother
Dairy shall pay to Service Provider the service charges as per'Annexure lll'and in accordance with
Clause 8. Any changes, modifications, amendments made from time to time in 'Annexure- lll'
shall be produced in writing as mutually decided by both the Parties and shall form part of this
Agreement.
8.
PAYMENT
8.1 Mother Dairy shall pay Service Provider, Freight Charges at the rate mentioned in 'Annexure- lV'
attached.
8.2 No extra freight will be provided if the vehicle is dispatched to places within the radius of 30 Km
of the designated CFA within the state.
8.3 No extra freight will be paid in case of change in godown location or additional godown in the
same town or within 30 km of the existing towns within the state.
8.4 Service Provider shall raise the invoices in the following manner:
a)
The invoices for the Services rendered under this Agreement shall be raised as per the
terms agreed in 'Annexure-lll'(Charges & Payment).
b) The payment will be made by Mother Dairy to the Service Provider within 30 days from
receipt of freight invoices with proper acknowledgement (POD) of delivery, details,
functional location, address, and other necessary documentation in accordance with the
terms and conditions as agreed herein and subject to verification and satisfaction of
Mother Dairy and with required supporting documents, if any. Service provider can
submit the freight bill only twice in a month and all bills should be supported by original
document. Any billwithout originalsupporting document(s)will not be entertained. Any
bill or payment related query is limited to 10 days from date of the payment of the bill.
VIT.IAYAK LOGISTICS INDIAPW LTD.
Page 5 of26
Dlrec'tor

===== PAGE 6 =====
c)
Mother Dairy shall make payment within 30 days from the date of receipt of the invoices
provided the bills are undisputed; contents of the invoice are in order; supported with
aforementioned necessary documents in original and in accordance with the terms and
conditions as agreed herein and subject to verification and satisfaction of Mother Dairy.
d)
Invoices & Consignment notes should be in the specified format as provided by the
Mother Dairy if any.
e) The amount of GST or any other tax as may be applicable from time to time and payable
by the Mother Dairy shall be paid/ reimbursed by the Mother Dairy if any. tf any road
tax, vehicle tax, cess, octroi, toll tax or any other vehicular/ transit taxes/ challan which
are not payable by the Mother Dairy under the applicable laws are levied, then such
taxes, cess etc. shall be borne by the seruice provider.
The invoices shall be submitted by service provider along-with a copy of Lorry
Receipts/Consignment Note for each trip, Trip summary/Monthly Track Sheet and all
necessary correspondence issued for each delivery and rates approval in case of adhoc
movements.
s) All freight Invoices shall be submitted within the 3 months from the dispatch date of the
consignment. No Invoice shall be entertained/payable after the said period.
h) Also, submit the No Due certificate -NDC after the end of each quarter.
i) Each invoice raised by Service Provider is agreed to be addressed and will be submitted
to the following address:
Commercial Department -Oil Division
Mother Dairy Fruit & Vegetable Private Limited.
NDDB House, A-3, Sector -1,
Noida- 201301 (UP)
Phone No:0120-4399596
8.5 Mother Dairy shall make payment to Service Provider subject to deduction due to any claim of
Mother Dairy against Service Provider under the provision of this Agreement. Mother Dairy
reserves the right to deduct the amount of any loss/ damages/penalty/fines/expenses etc. from
the amount payable to the Service Provider after intimating the same to the Service Provider
about such deduction against the respective Consignment.
8.6 No other charges other than those mentioned in 'Annexure-lll'shall be payable by Mother Dairy
to service provider.
8.7 The charges and/or payment referred to in this Agreement shall be subject to Tax deduction at
source as per the provisions of Income Tax Act, 1961 as applicable from time to time.
8.8 Notwithstanding anything contained herein, in the event the provisions relating to GST are
repealed/ amended such that the GST is reduced and/or withdrawn with retrospective effect
then Service Provider shall immediately refund the GST to Mother Dairy paid by it from such
retrospective date and may apply to the concerned authorities and seek a refund of the GST.
VIIIAYAK LOGISTICS INDIAPW. LTD.
ffi"+^u'q5^s'
Dinc{or Page 6 of 26

===== PAGE 7 =====
9.
COMPLIANCE OF LAW
9'1
The Service Provider shall take FSSAI license from concerned Licensing Authority under the
provisions of Food Safety and Standards Act, 2006 and its Rules/Regulations, 20L1_ prior to
commencement of business with the Mother Dairy. Mother Dairy may terminate this
agreement if it is found that the Service Provider does not have a valid FSSAI license under
Food safety and standards Act, 2006 and its Rules/Regulations, 2011.
9'2
The service provider shall strictly adhere to L00% compliance of the provisions of hygiene
conditions as mentioned in the Schedule 4 of the Food Safety and Standards Act, 2006 and
Rules/Regulations, 2011 while transporting food articles of the Mother Dairy.
9.3
The Service Provider shall obtain FSSAI License in his/her name from the concerned Licensing
Authority and submit a copy of such License to the Mother Dairy for its record. The Service
Provider shall observe all laws, rules, regulations, orders, and directions issued by the Central
or State Governments or local authorities concerning its obligations to be discharged under
this Agreement and contravention of such laws, rules, regulations, orders or directions will
be deemed to be against the express understanding and spirit of this agreement and the
Service Provider shall be liable for all the consequences resulting from such non-compliance.
9.4
The Service Provider shall obtain all other necessary Licenses, permits, Approvals, orders,
Registrations, No Objection Certificates (NOCs) from the concerned authorities at its own
cost in respect of its obligations under this Agreement.
9.5 In case Mother Dairy incurs any liability due to non-compliance of any law by the Service
Provider then the Service Provider shall be liable to reimburse Mother Dairy for any loss,
monetary or otherwise occasioned on account of any such contravention.
9.5 The Service Provider hereby expressly undertakes that its vehicle shall confirm to provisions
of applicable/amended Motor Vehicle Act & rules made there under and all licenses, permits,
taxes are valid and shall remain valid during the period of this Agreement. Further, up-to-
date paid vehicle tax receipts and insurance cover of each vehicle used shall be made
available whenever required by the Mother Dairy or any statutory Authority.
9.7 The Service Provider shall be liable for compliance with all statutory requirements including
but not limited to any requirement under the Carriage by Road Act, Motor Vehicles Act, Food
safety and standard Act 2006 and Rules/ Regulations 20L1. or any statutory requirement as
applicable from time to time to carry out the services. Service Provider shall be solely
responsible for all consequences of non-compliance or contravention thereof and shall
indemnify Mother Dairy and keep Mother Dairy indemnified against any losses or damage
caused to Mother Dairy in respect thereof.
10. INSURANCE
10.1 The Service Provider shall obtain a comprehensive insurance policy of vehicles including
especially third-party liability.
tO.2
The Service Provider shall co-operate with Mother Dairy in case any claim is lodged for
damage/destruction/loss of Goods due to accident or theft and shall within fifteen days of
the incident provide all documents (FlR and Damage Certificate) Ref. Annexure-V to
Mother Dairy it possesses and as required by Mother Dairy for lodging insurance claim.
Service provider and its manpower shall not do any act by which Mother Dairy's insurance
and/or claim is withheld and/or rejected or repudiated as per the terms and conditions
LTD. PageT or26
vfifAyAK LoctsTtcs tNDtAPw,
\------atzz?
1 14's$*^* '
Dlnclor

===== PAGE 8 =====
Specified in Annexure- v. The Driver of the vehicle shall have a valid and subsisting driving
license, Registration Certificate, valid Pollution Certificate, and other documents as may be
necessary at all times during transit.
Lt.
NON-EXCLUSIVENESS
All the Services provided under this Agreement are on a non-exclusive basis, and Mother Dairy
reserves the right without reference or consent of Service Provider to permit any other person to
provide similar service or otherwise on the same route or any other route. Mother Dairy may at
its own discretion change or withdraw the routes of the Service provider at any time under
intimation in writing through email/letter/any other electronic mode.
L2. INDEMNIFICATION
1'2.L Notwithstanding anything herein contained, the service provider shall indemnify and shall at all
times keep indemnified Mother Dairy, its Board of Directors, and officers/employees from
and/or against: -
72'2 Any liability, loss, damages, costs, taxes, penalty, charges and expenses, which may be paid,
incurred or suffered by Mother Dairy, directly or indirectly, as a result of and/or arising out of
any breach, non-observance and non-performance of the terms and conditions of this
agreement by the seruice provider or against any declaration made or assurance given in this
agreement is proved to be wrong or false or against wrong delivery of the goods or any part
thereof to a wrong person/entity by the Service provider
I2.3
Mother dairy suffers any loss or damage to its goods and against any loss or damage caused to
Mother Dairy by act(s) or omission(s) of Service provider due to which the insurance and/ or
insurance claim of Mother Dairy with respect to the goods is rendered invalid or
is
rejected/repudiated.
L2.4
All claims, demands, actions, suits, and proceedings of whatever nature, as made or instituted
by a third party against Mother Dairy in connection with this agreement and/or with regard to
the fitness of the goods/ food products or for any breach or alleged breach of infringement of
any intellectual property rights of any third party by the service provider. The service provider
shall indemnify and keep Mother Dairy harmless all the times for damages/losses incurred by
the Mother Dairy for deficiency in the service provided by the service provider or any
damage/loss incurred by the Mother Dairy due to fault of service provider or its
employees/agents/servants etc. However, if there is manufacturing defect, quality issue on
the part of Mother Dairy then Service provider shall not be responsible for such defect and
quality.
13.
FORCE MAJEURE
L3.1- The failure or delay of any Party to perform any obligations/terms & conditions under this
agreement. lf such failure or delay has been caused by any circumstances beyond their
reasonable control, including but not limited to, act of God, acts or order of Government
(except as otherwise enumerated herein), or any rules and regulations, fire, storm, flood,
epidemic/pandemic, earthquake, riots, wars, insurrection, sabotage, invasion, quarantine,
restricts, strikes, lockouts, lockdown, labour dispute, accidents in transportation,
transportation disorder or other causes (collectively referred to as the "Force Majeure") shall
not be deemed to be a breach of this agreement, provided, that the Party so prevented from
VINAYAK LOGISTICS INDIAPW LTD.
Page 8 or 26
v."t+*
)5"*,,"
orector

===== PAGE 9 =====
performance of its obligations/terms & conditions herein, shall not have caused such Force
Majeure.
I3'2
The Party so prevented shall use reasonable diligence to avoid such Force Majeure or
ameliorate its effects, and shall continue to take all actions within its power to comply as fully
as possible with the terms and conditions of this agreement, except where the nature of the
event shall prevent it from doing so, the Party suffering such Force Majeure shall notify the
other Party in writing within seven days of the existence of such occurrence of such Force
Majeure and likely duration of the same. That either party shall in every instance, to the
extent reasonable and lawful under the circumstances, use its best efforts to remove or
remedy such cause with all reasonable dispatch.
13.3
In the event of Force Majeure persists for a consecutive period of more than one month, then
the other Party shall have the option to terminate the agreement without incurring any
liability.
14. EMPLOYEES OF THE SERVICE PROVIDER
1.4.1_ The Service Provider shall at all times comply with all related Labour laws, provisions of all
Labour legislations and all other statutory enactment including but not limited to payments
of Wages Act, 1-956, Minimum Wages Act 1948, Contract Labour (Regulation and Abolition)
Act 1970, workmen compensations Act, 1923; payment of Bonus Act, 1955; Employees
Provident Fund and Miscellaneous Provisions Act 1952, Employee State Insurance Act 194g,
and any other Labour laws pertaining to manpower engaged by it or the drivers, conductor,
helpers or contract workers and employees engaged by them. Service provider shall be
solely responsible for all consequences of non-compliance or contravention of any of the
provisions of any act and rules made there under and shall indemnify Mother Dairy and
keep Mother Dairy indemnified against any losses and/or damages caused to Mother Dairy
in any respect thereof.
1'4.2
The Service Provider shall indemnify Mother Dairy from and against all payments, if any, by way
of compensation or any liability, actions, costs, charges, demands, expenses, loss, claim,
proceedings whatsoever in respect of injury, loss or damage to'any person or property or any
accident to Service provider/s manpower or third persons in the course of providing services to
Mother Dairy.
1'4.3
The relationship between Mother Dairy and Service Provider shall be on principal-to-principal
basis. Mother Dairy shall not be responsible towards the employees of Service Provider in
any manner, whatsoever and for any reason.
15. TRANSHIPMENT
The Service Provider shall not transship the goods to any other vehicle whether belonging to
the Seruice Provider or any other person. In case the truck carrying the goods suffers damages
or becomes road unworthy in such case, immediate intimation will be given to Mother Dairy
in writing stating the reason of such transshipment and of particulars of such transshipped
vehicle and in such an event the Service Provider shall continue to be governed by the
provisions of this Agreement.
VINAYAK LOGISTICS INDIAPW, LTD.
:6"*-^".}H*:
Dlrector Pase9 of26

===== PAGE 10 =====
16.
OCTROIDUTY/TOILTAX
16.L No octroi/toll tax/entry tax shall be paid/ reimbursed to the Service provider by Mother Dairy.
However, Mathadi/Warai/ for West Region and Marketing fees for West Bengal shall be
reimbursed byMotherDairytotheService Provideronthesubmissionof valid proof of original
documents.
16'3 After signing the contract, newly imposed/removed toll tax and difference or financial impact
due to increase/decrease in existing toll tax will be reimbursed/recovered respectively by
Mother Dairy.
16.3 Also, the service provider shall claim the green tax (ln case of Delhi Only) with the freight bill
along with the valid receipt.
t7. DAMAGES
t7.L
lf Service Provider commits breach of any of the terms of this Agreement or conceals any
material information and/or if any declaration made or assurance given in this Agreement is
proved to be wrong or if Service Provider delivers the goods or any part thereof to a wrong
person and Mother Dairy thereby suffers a loss or damage to its goods, the Service provider
will be liable to make good the same, without prejudice to Mother Dairy's right to claim
damages under law and terminate this Agreement forthwith.
17.2
In the event that any loss or damage is caused to Mother Dairy by any act of omission or
commission of Service Provider due to which the insurance and/or insurance claim of Mother
Dairy with respect to the goods is rendered invalid or is rejected, Mother Dairy shall be
entitled to claim damages and penalty for an amount it deems fit and proper from the Service
provider and the service Provider shall pay the same without any demur.
.3
L7 In the event any act of omission or commission of Service Provider leads to, including but not
limited to, contamination, damage, loss, including deterioration of food products which
renders the goods unsellable in the case Mother Dairy shall be entitled at its sole discretion
to claim damages as it deems fit from the Service Provider and Service Provider shall pay the
damages claimed without any demur.
L7.4
The Service Provider shall be sole responsible to pay compensation/claim/damages caused
to third party for the act and omission on the part of service provider. However, Mother
Dairy reserved its right deduct such amount in case of non-settlement of third-party claims
by service provider.
18.
NOTTCES
Any notice to be given under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be delivered or sent
by Speed Post/ Registered Post with acknowledgement at the address mentioned in the
agreement or through electronic mode in the like of e-mail, WhatsApp or/and SMS etc. The
Service Provider shall not refuse to accept any notices/letters/communications addressed to
him by Mother Dairy. In case, the Service Provider refuses to accept the
notices/letters/communications when presented to him personally at the address
mentioned in the agreement, Mother Diary after recording the fact of refusal in the presence
of two witnesses can terminate the agreement forthwith.
VINAYAK LOGISTICS INDIAPW. LTD.
:Zftl*'"}" \^Q>: ' Pase 10 of26
Director

===== PAGE 11 =====
19. TRANSFER/ASSIGNMENT OF RIGHTS
The service provider shall not subcontract, sub-license or otherwise transfer: or assign,
partially or entirely, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement to another party
without prior written consent of Mother Dairy, however, Mother Dairy shall be free to
appoint any service provider/transporter for the same work and in the same area.
20. UNDERTAKINGS OF SERVICE PROVIDER
20.L Ownership and title in all goods shall always remain with Mother Dairy and the Service
Provider does not have any right, title, or interest whatsoever in such goods.
2O.2rhe Service Provider hereby undertakes and expressly agrees that Service provider shall not
have any lien or charge over the goods of Mother Dairy entrusted for transportation and
Service Provider shall not detain or hold the goods to recover the service charges payable to
Service Provider under this Agreement under any circumstances. The Service provider further
undertakes and agrees that the Service Provider shall not pledge, hypothecate, or create any
third-party rights over Mother Dairy goods which are in the custody of the Service provider.
20.3 In case of vehicle failure/breakdown, an immediate substitute vehicle shall be made available
by the Seruice Provider.
20.4 In case the driver of the service /provider fails to take the vehicle at the delivery point on
time or fails to take Mother Dairy goods for delivery, Mother Dairy reserves its right to
recover the difference in cost of the alternate vehicle arranged for by Mother Dairy.
20.5 The Service Provider shall regularly provide current and correct information on the vehicle
position to Mother Dairy when it is in transit and as and when required by Mother Dairy.
20.6 Without prejudice to Mother Dairy's rights under these presents to recover claims and
damages from the Service Provider, the Service Provider shall, in the case of any
accident/mishap and/or fire, forthwith submit to Mother Dairy all relevant documents
including necessary photographs, certified copy of the police diary, FIR and copy of the
lnsurance certificates of the vehicle concerned, true copies/certified copies of FlR, etc. as
in
specified Annexure-V.
20.7 The Service Provider shall always ensure that the delivery of goods is made in time.
20.8 The ownership rights in the goods entrusted to the Service Provider for transportation shall
remain with Mother Dairy at all times. At any point of time, the service provider does not get
any right in the goods/property of the Mother Dairy under any circumstances whatsoever.
20.9 Allvehicles of the Service Provider should be maintained in clean conditions with no strong
odor that may induce smell in the Goods/ food products.
20.10 In case of any loss/theft/pilferage/accident/robbery etc. the Service Provider shall
immediately inform Mother Dairy and also lodge complaint/FlR with nearest Police Station
and give Mother Dairy a copy of the same along-with copy of Vehicle survey report & COF
(certificate of fact).
VINAYAK LOGIStICS INDIAPVI LTD,
ll
Page of26
0irector

===== PAGE 12 =====
20.1'L The Service Provider shall provide tracking details of the transit vehicles on regular/Daily
basis when it is in transit, as and when required by Mother Dairy. lf deemed fit, Mother
Dairy shall equip the vehicles/containers with GPS/GPRS or any other device for tracking.
The service provider shall co-operate fully in the implementation, equipment
maintenance & safety.
20.12 Mother Dairy shall have the final authority in deciding locations for which the deployed
vehicles will go for collection /delivery of materials.
20.13 Service Provider undertakes to give training to its drivers, conductors and other labourers/
staffs so engaged by Service Provider from time to time about the loading/ unloading of
goods; about transporting, transshipping, delivery of goods etc. ; about documentations
works such as maintaining and keeping safe all the above mentioned documents
hereinabove such as weighment receipts, gate pass, Lorry Receipts, POD, consignment
notes, tax papers, toll papers, warehouse papers, logbook papers etc.: for carrying valid
ldentity Proof, driving license, insurance papers, permits, Pollution papers etc. related with
vehicle, its concerned driver and staff on vehicle; about their good behavior while dealing
with the staff of Mother Dairy, Government Authorities, Police Personnel, Traffic police,
taxation personnel, distributors, warehouse persons, customers of Mother Dairy etc.; safe
and lawful driving etc.
20.14 Service Provider may fix Mother Dairy's logo/trademark on the vehicle being used for
transporting the goods of Mother Dairy only after permission from authorized signatory of
Mother Dairy.
20.15 ServiceProvideragreesthatifduringthetransportationofgoods,vehicleofServiceProvider
meets with an accident which thereby, causes loss of life/injury to any person, then the
Service Provider shall be solely responsible for Civil/ MACT/ Criminal action as may be taken
by the aggrieved person. In any case, Mother Dairy shall not be responsible for same, and
Service Provider shall protect the interest of Mother Dairy during the subsistence of this
agreement and thereafter.
2I.
CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION
Service Provider hereby agrees that he or any of his representatives, agents, employees shall
keep the terms of this Agreement completely confidential and shall continue to honor their
obligations. Service Provider further agrees not to disclose/share with any unauthorized
person or third party, any proprietary, sensitive or confidential information (which may have
been received by the Service Provider either in oral or written form during the course of
business) including username, password, documents, knowledge, data of Mother Dairy and
other like information, which a person of reasonable prudence can term the same as
confidential information or which may affect the business/reputation of Mother Dairy.
Disclosure of any such confidential information shall constitute a material breach of this
agreement, for which Mother Dairy shall be entitled to terminate the agreement forthwith and
shall be entitled to claim damages from the Service Provider.
Pase 12 of26

===== PAGE 13 =====
22. ANTI-CORRUPTION AND ANTI BRIBERY:
Parties confirm they have not adopted any illegal/unethical mean like offering bribe, commission,
gift etc. either cash or in kind to influence the other party or their employees/ officers/ directors/
partners/representative/ agents etc. either directly or indirectly for entering into present agreement
and undertake not to adopt any such practice during the subsistence of this agreement.
Further, parties agree to abide by all applicable laws, regulations, policies relating to anti-bribery and
anti-corruption of India and in the event of violation thereof shall be responsible for civil and criminal
consequences thereof. In addition, thereto the other party shall have the right to terminate this
agreement forthwith.
23. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
Mother Dairy possesses the trademarks/brand name being "Dhara,,, ,,Mother Dairy,,, ,,Safal,,
(Herein collectively referred to as the "Trademarks"). The Service provider hereby specifically
agrees and acknowledges that the ownership of the trademarks vest exclusively with Mother Dairy
and further agrees that all intellectual property rights including the above-mentioned
trademarks/brand names/copyright/patent and design shall always remain vested with Mother
Dairy Fruit & Vegetable Private Limited only. The Service Provider understands and agrees that
nothing herein shall give it any interest, right and or title whatsoever in the above stated trademarks
of Mother Dairy. Mother Dairy will take suitable action under proper law if any violation of
trademark rights of Mother Dairy is noticed by them. Service Provider shall not use any of the trade
names, trademarks or service marks of Mother Dairy or its subsidiaries or affiliates on any
letterhead, advertising material or in any other manner, without prior written consent of Mother
Dairy.
24. ENTIRE AGREEMENT
This agreement supersedes and nullifies all previous agreements, MOUs, written or verbal
arrangements between Mother Dairy & Service Provider, if any. All transactions between the
parties shall during the period of subsistence of this agreement shall be governed only by the
terms and conditions of this agreement.
25. Waiver
The failure of any party to enforce any term or provision hereof shall not be construed to be
waiver of such term or provision and shall in no way affect the right of the other party thereafter
to enforce such term or provision or any other term or provision hereof.
26,
REPRESENTATION & WARRANTIES
Each Party represents and warrants to the other that:
(i) It has full power and authority to enter into and to discharge its responsibilities under this
agreement and
( ii) The making and performance of this agreement does not violate any applicable law or violate
any other agreement to which it is a party.
vlil
YAl( LoG|$TES tr{DtAprtr. LTD.
ffi Pagel3of26

===== PAGE 14 =====
27. SEVERABITIW
In the event that any part of this Agreement shall be determined by any competent authority to
be invalid, unlawful, or unenforceable to any extent under present or future laws then such term,
condition or provision shall to that extent be severed from the remaining Terms which shall
continue to be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law.
28. TERMINATION
27.1 Service provider may terminate the agreement by giving the prior notice of 45 (Forty-Five)
days. However, if Mother Dairy is of the opinion that the seruice provider has failed its
obligations or breach any term of agreement then Mother Dairy may terminate the agreement
with immediate effect at any time without any prior notice.
27.2 Mother Dairy may terminate this agreement with immediate effect at any time and without
any prior notice if Mother Dairy is of the opinion that the service provider has failed to
discharge its obligations or has committed a breach of any term of the agreement and in such
circumstances, the decision of the Mother Dairy shall be final.
29,
CONSEQUENCES OF TERMINATION
29.1' Upon termination of this Agreement each party shall make payment of all sums lawfully owned
by it to the other party.
29.2 The Service Provider shall return all undelivered goods/documents/properties of Mother Dairy
immediately on termination of this agreement to Mother Dairy.
29.3 The Seruice Provider shall submit all pending bills, complete in all respects within 15 (fifteen) days
from the date of termination. Mother Dairy shall release the payment if the bills are correct
/undisputed and duly supported by the required documents.
30. ARBITRATION
30.1- In the event of any dispute or difference arising between the parties to this agreement touching
any of the matters or things hereunder, whether such dispute or difference shall arise during the
continuance of this agreement or after termination. The parties will first try to resolve the dispute
amicably within 30 (thirty) days from the date of raising of the dispute. lf it could not be resolved,
then the disputes may be referred to a sole arbitrator to be appointed mutually by both the parties.
30.2
The sole Arbitration proceeding shall be governed by the Arbitration & Conciliation Act, 1996.
30.3 The venue for arbitration shall be at Delhi as the case may be and the proceedings shall be conducted
in English.
30.4 The expenses of arbitration shall be borne by both parties equally.
30.s The award of sole arbitrator shall be finaland binding on both the parties.
VIIIAYAK LOGISTICS INDIAPW. LTD.
fff"*-l'"rr'"rgii.'
IXrec{or Page 14 of26

===== PAGE 15 =====
31. SECURITY DEPOSIT
1'
The service provider is required to submit an interest free Security Deposit before signing the
agreement' Security Deposit of Rs 10 Lakh to be deposited by Service provider in case awarded
routes, DD/BG should be from Nationalized Bank/ Scheduled private Bank. Amount of Security
deposit shall be returned / refunded after45 days of the expiry of agreement without any Interest.
Agreement without Security deposit will not be considered and treated as void.
32. JURISDICTION
Subject to arbitration clause, the courts of Delhi will have the jurisdiction to try the matter arising
out of this Agreement.
33. GOVERNING LAW
This agreement shall be subject to and governed by, interpreted, and construed in accordance with
laws of India.
lN WITNESS WHEREOF the Parties hereto have executed this Agreement on the day, month, and year first.
mentioned above.
Mother Dairy Fruit & Vegetable Pvt. Ltd VINAYAK LOGISTICS INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED
uilAvAt( toclsTlcs llluAnfl. [TD.
V /..1 r rl,u .
6!*llt^W^r*- t
Authorised Signatory Authorised Signatory Dlllctof
Witness Witness
Signature, Name & Address Signature, Name & Address
Pase 15 of26

===== PAGE 16 =====
ANNEXURE-I
SCOPE OF WORK
t. Loading/unloading of goods from the vehicle for any transshipment in case of accident/breakdown
etc. during transit will be carried out by the Service Provider and prior information in this respect
must be necessarily given to Mother dairy.
2. Loading/unloading of goods from vehicle at Mother Dairy warehouse will be carried out by Mother
Dairy th rough CFA/Pla nt's contractor.
3. Loading/unloading of goods at Railway Goods Yard will be carried out by Service provider.
4. Segregate of Damage and Soggy at Railway Goods Yard will be done by Service provider.
5. The weighment of empty vehicles as well as loaded vehicles and keeping and maintaining its record
are the responsibilities of the Service Provider and such documents should be presented for
reconciling the stock. (Weighment slips should be done by the Seruice Provider and such slips should
be attached with bill of the Service provider)
6. AllTransportation/Handling of goods/material at warehouse or delivery point by the Service provider
will be done under the supervision of authorized representative of Mother Dairy.
7. One representative of the Service Provider may be present in Mother Dairy warehouse at the time
of loading/unloading, In certain case if transporter representative is not available, In such cases
vehicle driver can also represent on behalf of transporter representative and in this regards
tra nsporter shall confirm.
8. The Service Provider shall place/reach his vehicles to the loading/unloading point on or before 3:OO
PM in summers and 1.:00 PM in winters. However, if they failto place the vehicle on specified time
then Mother Dairy will not be bound to pay detention charges for that day.
9. The driver of the Service Provider shall communicate all/or specific issue(s) to the Service provider
only and not be involved in any sort of argument with the customer at site that might result in
cancellation of order.
10. The Service provider shall send the soft copy of dispatch report to the office In-charge of Mother
Dairy with proper details of Freight bill no., delivery acknowledgement No and Truck No as soon as
the dispatch is made by the service provider.
11. Submission of bills of the Service Provider shall not be accepted by Mother Dairy on
Satu rdaylSu nday/holidays.
!2. Providing adequate facilities, infrastructure, experience & expertise of transportation to provide
timely and efficient services to the Mother Dairy.
13. Liaoning with concern authorities/CFA/Plant unions for smooth handling/transportation of goods is
the responsibility of service provider.
14. lf the damage of goods in the vehicle is found at the unloading point (CFA), representative of the
service provider and/or its driver should communicate to Mother Dairy's representative or any
dealing staff for transportation of Mother Dairy over phone as well as through e-mail immediately
LTD.
VfNAYAK LOGISTICS INDIAPW. Page16 of 26
Direc,tor

===== PAGE 17 =====
should be provided, so that timely appropriate actions can be taken & Mother Dairy,s person may
guide the way forward to the driver of the Service provider.
15. A copy of LR (Lorry receipt) and CRR/PoD (Consignment Receipt Report/proof of Delivery) should be
signed properly by the driver, in absence of which bills of the Service provider will not be entertained.
15. over loading in the vehicle is not permitted as per the applicable law. The responsibility of loading
weight in truck/ vehicle of the Service Provider as per its sanctioned and physical capacity and
compliance of all applicable laws in this respect shall be solely of the Service provider and Mother
Dairy shall not be responsible for any consequences arising out of non-compliance of any of such
laws.
17. Food Safety and Standards Authority of India (FSSAI) license has become mandatory for Service
Provider and hence the Service Provider needs to comply with the FSSAI licensing requirements and
obtain license for the same and provide a copy of the same to Mother Dairy at the time of execution
of this agreement. At any time if it is found that the Service Provider does not possess a valid license,
then Mother Dairy shall have the right to terminate this agreement immediately7;orthwith, as well as
Service provider has to bear the overall liability on account of not having valid FSSAI license.
18. As per the Mother Dairy requirements, the vehicles provided by the Service provider for the purpose
of transportation and distribution of the goods of Mother Dairy should be fitted with GpS for the
purpose of tracking vehicle. The Service Provider must ensure that the GpS are always in proper
working conditions. The Service Provider should provide access of GpS application to Mother Dairy
team for tracking and monitoring vehicle movement.
19. The vehicle of the Service Provider should be as per the laws, rules, regulations, notifications, orders
of State / Central Government applicable in NCT of Delhi and other States between the supply points
and collection points/delivery points.
20. Any damage to the Packing material (crates/Empty Carton/etc.) of Mother Dairy due to any reason
whatsoever shall be recovered from the Seruice provider.
21. The driver of the Service Provider should carry the copy of CRR (Consignment Receipt Report) along
with that of LR (Lorry Receipt) from unloading point (CFA) and the same should be submitted with
Mother Dairy along with its freight bills. In absence of said documents, the said bills will be cleared
as per the damage confirmation available with Mother Dairy and no dispute will be entertained over
the said bills later.
Mother Dairy Fruit & Vegetable Pvt. Ltd VINAYAK TOGISTICS INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED
vlilAYAl( LoGlSTlcs lNDn ryT. LlD.
-6^""t^^
!.*9"' '
0lrec'tor
Authorised Signatory Authorised Signatory
Witness Witness
Signature, Name & Address

===== PAGE 18 =====
ANNEXURE - II
OBLIGATIONS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE SERVICE PROVIDER
t.
The Service Provider shall be responsible for the safety of goods while the goods are in their custody.
The Service Provider shall be wholly and solely responsible to take care of the goods with proper
security and safe storage facility.
2. All vehicles used by the Service Provider must fulfill all mandatory requirements regarding insurance,
pollution check, safety conditions etc. Mother Dairy will not be responsible for any liability on
account of lack in the observance of statutory compliances regarding the roadworthiness of vehicles.
3. The Service Provider shall bear the cost of all types of taxes under the Motor Vehicles Act/Statutory
provisions or under any applicable laws and/or any other levies which may be imposed by the
different State Governments and local bodies etc. from time to time including all expenses incurred
while crossing Customs/CISF/other security agencies/check posts.
4. The workers/staff engaged/employed by the service provider under this agreement, all the time will
remain the employees of the service provider only. The Mother Dairy shall have no relationship of
employee and employer at any point of time, directly or indirectly The service provider shall be solely
and wholly responsible for the employment of its workers and for discharging all statutory obligations
in connection with such employees and for payment of wages, salaries and providing all amenities
and benefits that may be required according to the law for the time being and from time to time in
force and applicable to its establishment and for the workers employed in connection with this
agreement.
5. The drivers and other staff engaged by the service provider for the work of supply/distribution of
Products of the Mother Dairy shall not be employees of the Mother Dairy directly or indirectly. There
is no privity of contract between the said drivers or staff and Mother Dairy, and they shall neither be
entitled to claim and recover anything whatsoever whether monetary or otherwise on any account
from the Mother Dairy northe Mother Dairy shall be liable to make payment in respect of any claim
whatsoever.
6. The Service Provider shall be responsible to pay the compensation/claims or damages cost to third
party for the act and omission on the part of the service provider. However, Mother dairy reserve
this right to deduct such amount in case of non-settlement of third party claim by seruice provider.
7. At the time of receipt of the consignment or anywhere during transit, if it is established that the
goods of any other party/parties /person were transported along with consignment of the Mother
Dairy a penalty of Rs. 1,00000/- per such consignment shall be recovered from the freight billof the
Service Provider.
8. lf the Service Provider found to be indulged in carrying the consignment of other parties along with
Mother Dairy consignments, it will be considered as serious breach of this agreement and Mother
Dairy may also take action including penalty of Rs. L,00000 or terminate of the agreement.
9. ln case of any damage and short-deliveries of goods, following is agreed between Mother Dairy
and Service Provider: -
9.1 In case of short delivery by the Service Provider, due to any reason/circumstances, Mother Dairy
will deduct the amount for the value (MRP) of short material delivered, from the freight bill of
Service Provider. However, if the seal of carton is found broken during transit or at the time of
VINAYAK LOGISTICS INDIAPW LTD. Page 18 of26
>ffi*+'tuL^;^'
Director

===== PAGE 19 =====
I
unloading then Mother dairy shall also impose the penalty of Rs. 50,000/- Upon the service
provider.
9.2ln case Road Transportation loss due to damage/leakage/spoilage, the cost of the same will be
recovered from the service provider at the fixed rates by mother dairy from time to time for each
item. There will be O.2% tolrance in leakages damages in all SKU except 15LT/KG TtN, While
tolrance in 15 LT/KG TIN SKU is0.2% on net weight of the material. However, if the value of
damage/leakage is more than the tolarnce limit the same would be recovered from the Service
Provider. (Damage will be calculated on STN (Stock Transfer Note) Price. Whereas oil recovery is
to be considered at 50% of the STN (StockTransfer Note/ PO price) price & the cost of RDM
(Redressing Material) is also considered during damage calculation). Rebate of LO cartons up to
the total value of Rs. 200 shall be allowed.
9.3 In case if any dented tin is found at unloading point, then the same shall not be a part of Damage
calculation reference to clause no 9.2. However, in that case Rs. 2OO per tin shall be deducted as
damage deduction from the freight bill of the service provider.
9.4 In case of short delivery of goods, breakage, damage or unhygienic and unsafe condition, the
service provider's representative either it can be Driver/Helper/ local employee present at the
time of giving delivery of the consignment to Mother Dairy, shall have acknowledge such
damages/shortages by signing the consignment receipt report and lorry receipt (CRR and LR)
which is sent along with the consignment.
9.5 In case service provider fail to acknowledge the claim / damages/ shortages notice served on
them by not returning the copies of claim/damage notice within the time period as may be
required to ensure acceptance of the company claims by insurance company, entire value of
claims amount shall be recovered from the service provider.
9.6 In case of shortage during transit, service provider shall intimate about the shortage to Mother
Dairy within 24 hours of the receipt of goods along with supported document issued by Railway
towards shortage etc.
9.7 ln case any accidental/damage vehicle reached at unloading point and Goods loaded in vehicle
are not in condition to unload at the same. Then in such cases goods shall be moved to other
location as directed by Mother Dairy. While the expense incurred against the said movement
such as transshipment, transfer, parking charges, labour expense and any other charges shall be
borne by Service provider. No such expense shall be reimbursed to Service provider. However, if
goods are intact and in sound condition and service provider shall not attributable. Whereas the
Service provider shall not be indemnify against the same.
10 In case of accident and theft of the stock during transit or due to any natural calamity covered under
Insurance Policy, Mother Dairy shall claim the damage from insurance. However, without prejudice to
the foregoing, unless and until the recovery of settlement of the claim amount is finally made by Insurer
to Mother Dairy, the Mother Dairy shall hold and retain the cost amount of damage/leakage material
from the payment of Service Provider's pending and due freight bills. Once the claims are settled, such
retained amount shall be paid back to the Service Provider without any interest amount. In case, the
claims are rejected by Insurance Mother Dairy, the retained amount will not be paid to the Service
Provider and the Service Provider shall have no claim whatsoever on this retained amount.
LL The Service Provider shall co-operate with mother dairy in case any claim is to be lodged for
damage/destruction/loss of goods and shall file the same within fifteen days of incident and provide
mother dairy with all documents such as FIR and Shortage/Damage Certificate and any other documents
as required by Mother Dairy for lodging Insurance claim. (Ref. Annexure- lV for Detail). The Service
Provider and lts Manpower shall not do any act by which mother dairy's insurance claim is rejected.
LTD.
VfNAYAK LOGISTICS INDIAPW Pagere of 26
Dlrector

===== PAGE 20 =====
12 Survey of vehicle and goods will be done at the spot by surveyor of the insurer/ insurance company.
13 The service Provider will send spot survey reports and survey photographs along with FIR/police Report
etc., to Mother Dairy.
14
Based on above documents insurance claim will be filed by Mother Dairy with the Insurer for damaged
goods.
15 The Service Provider will have no lien or right or other authority to withhold, in whatsoever form, on
vehicles or cargo received by it from Mother Dairy or its customers under any Circumstances.
15 After releasing the vehicle from loading plant/ Source it is the responsibility of Service provider to deliver
the goods as to destination provided by mother dairy. Mother Dairy shall not entertain any claim of short
loading from plant / source location once vehicle release out of the gate.
17 The weighment of empty vehicles as well as loaded vehicle and keeping and maintaining its record are
responsibilities of the Service Provider and such document should be presented for reconciling the stock.
(Weighment slips should be done by the Service Provider and such slips should be attached with bill of
the Service Provider)
18 Driver of the Service Provider should collect goods' invoices and other related papers from Mother Dairy
against loading of vehicle and get the correct quantity/ number of goods before leaving the warehouse.
19 All vehicles should be equipped with mandatory safety equipment's /measures, like rope & tarpaulin to
cover the goods in the vehicle. No vehicle shall move outside warehouse without putting tarpaulin.
20 Drivers of the Service Provider should abide by the rules of warehouse and should not do any rough talk
with the warehouse staff. The driver of the Service Provider shall not consume liquor while performing
duty for Mother Dairy under all circumstances whatsoever. lf any driver of the Service provider is caught
under any kind of intoxication during Mother Dairy duty, he shall be removed by the Service provider
with immediate effect and the Service Provider shall be imposed heavy penalty apart from the
termination of this agreement.
2L ln case of rainy season, any loss (amount equal to the price of stock, including repacking cost of Finished
Goods at Stock Transfer Note value) due to stock damaged in rainy water will be borne by the Seruice
Provider as the same is not covered under insurance. Also, in case of direct dispatch if Party/CFA reject
the stock for unload due to rainwater damage, then material shall be move to another location as
directed by Mother Dairy. Mother Dairy shall not pay any freight cost and any additional expenses borne
by Service provider. Thus, it is recommended to doubly cover the stock with tarpaulin.
Mother Dairy Fruit & Vegetable Pvt. Ltd VINAYAK LOGISTICS INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED
VII'IAYAK LOGISTICS INDIAPW LTD.
U.r9^.o
Authorised Signatory Authorised Signatory Olrector
Witness Witness
Signature, Name & Address e & Address
(.y
Pafue 20 of 26

===== PAGE 21 =====
ANNEXURE - III
CHARGES/PAYMENTS
t. Subject to any deduction which Mother Dairy is authorized to make under the terms and conditions
of this agreement, the Service Provider shall be entitled for payment at rates agreed by Mother Dairy.
Rates excluding GST (Annexure-lV). The procedure of billing and payment will be as follows:
1.1
Service Provider shall prepare and submit the bills, twice in a calendar month (one for first
fifteen days and other for rest of the days for the same month) specifying their pAN, GST
registration number and FSSAI License No. as applicable.
t.2
Freight bill shall be submitted by the Seruice Provider in terms of this agreement with full
supporting documents like Original Consignment Note, Consignment Delivery Report
certificated by the representative of Mother Dairy's Warehouse. Also, if there will be any
additional charges paid by Service Provider with prior approval from Mother Dairy then proper
documentary proof or supporting documents should be attached along with freight bill and
Mother Dairy will reimburse the same in terms of this agreement.
1'3 Payment of the bill amount will be arranged after necessary checks of the correctness of
quantity and rates after deducting all deductible charges/penalties/fines as per this agreement.
2. Reconciliation statement is to be prepared by the Service Provider at the end of every month.
3. f n case of Tin dispatches Rs. lOOo/- per vehicle shall be charged for Strapping, if same is done and
the same shall be deducted from service provider freight bill.
4. Certificate of statutory deductions will be issued by Mother Dairy in due course.
5. Payment of bill of the Service Provider ordinarily may be made by Mother Dairy to the Service
Provider within 30 days of submission of bill subject to correctness, deductions and verification of
bills and its supporting documents.
6. Payment of bills of the Service provider shall be made by Mother Dairy through account payee
N EFTlRTGS/Cheq ue/ba nk draft only.
7. ln case Service Provider incur expenditure for lodging high damage claims with insurer of Mother
Dairy, Mother Dairy is not liable to pay the same to the Service Provider. Thus, any counter claims
raised by the service Provider against the same will not be paid by Mother Dairy.
8. lf, in case vehicle caught by financer during transit, Mother Dairy shall add only one day to the transit
time. Mother dairy shall not be responsible for any delay and damage/shortage in such cases. The
loss incurred in said cases shall be borne by service provider or same shall be recovered from freight
bills of service provider.
9. In the event of breakdown and impound of transit vehicle, the service provider shall make alternate
arrangement at the earliest with the consent of Mother Dairy Logistic team. lt is agreed that Service
provider shall be sole responsible for any damage/shortage and loss incurred to Mother Dairy due to
transshipment of goods in the above cases. Any such loss shall be recovered from the outstanding
invoices of the service provider. However, in case of any theft/burglary/highjack and accident of
vehicle during transit, Insurance cover for Mother Dairy Goods shall be remain valid on submission
of valid proof of document as mentioned in Annexure-V.
VINAYAK LOGISTICS INDIA PW LTD.
16-"*A'5)*', Page 21 of 26
Direc{or

===== PAGE 22 =====
vehicle during transit, Insurance cover for Mother Dairy Goods shall be remain valid on submission
of valid proof of document as mentioned in Annexure-V.
10. Rate and Terms of Operation:
!2.t
Payment to the Seruice provider shall be paid in two parts, where one part is Rail Freight
paid on actual basis on submission of certified copy of Railways Receipt. While, in the second
part is for Road Transportation, Handling, Detention and BSS charges shall be processed as per
the agreed rate in Annexure and Rail Freight shall be paid on actual RR.
12.2
In Case of Railway revises the freight rate, necessary notification or any other relevant
document of Railway shall be provided basis. Rail rake freight may be considered for revision to
take care for increase in Rail Freight by Railway.
9.1 Service Provider should provide support document for prevailing Rail Freight to arrive on per
Mt Freight as per RR and in case of any change in Rail Freight by Railway, the same may be
considered during the tenure of the agreement, for revision on providing the supporting
documents for the same. Further in case Railway makes it compulsory for payment of Rail
freight directly by the company whose goods being transported, in that case, service provider
to facilitate the company for handling with Railway for arranging the necessary documents and
based on freight so paid shallbe worked on Per Mt basis and forthe balance amount as per
total freight agreed for route, shall be charged by service provider.
L2.3
Detention charges will be paid as per Union at CFA for Unloading point only.
L2.4
Freight rates shall be considered on per metric ton basis. Also, the freight shall be paid on
pro rata basis of gross weight of consignment as per Mother Dairy standards.
12.5
Deployment of Vehicles: - As Directed by Mother Dairy.
12.6
Vehicle should have reached on or before 3:00 PM in summers and 1:00 pM in winters
Otherwise arrivalwill be considered next day.
12.7
The Service Provider shall ensure the availability of vehicle within 24 (Twenty-Four) Hours
of demand to any destination within the country. In case Service Provider fails to provide the
desired vehicle within specified time period, Mother Dairy reserves the right to make alternate
arrangement of vehicle from the market and the difference of market freight and contract
freight, if any.
Mother Dairy Fruit & Vegetable Pvt. Ltd VINAYAK TOGISTICS INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED
VIMYAI( LOGISTICS INDIAPW LTD.
tlY'b*-
Authorised Signatory Authorised Signatory DlreCtor
Witness Witness
Signature, Name & Address

===== PAGE 23 =====
ANNEXURE _ IV
FREIGHT RATE PER MT BASIS
*
Freight Rate Applicable for the period of 25th April-2o24to 31't -2o2s.
I
Alwar Guwahati 2,380
2 Alwar Jorhat 2,53O
3 Alwar Jorhat Via 3,81-5
4 Alwar Tezpur 2,690
5 Alwar Tezpur Via 3,430
6 Alwar Silchar Via 5,380
7 Jaipur Guwahati 3,065
8 Jaipur Jorhat 3,690
9 ja ipur Jorhat Via 4,L13
10 Jaipur Tezpur 3,599
L1 Jaipur Tezpur Via 3,850
Note:
*
Freight Rate except for the above Source/destinations will be considered as agreed by Mother
Dairy Fruit and Vegetable. Pvt. Ltd.
Mother Dairy Fruit & Vegetable Pvt. Ltd VINAYAK LOGISTICS INDIA PRTVATE TIMITED
VIilAYAK LOGISTICS II,IDIAPW. LTD.
f*."".e. h*L+a '.
\.
Authorised Signatory Authorised Signatory DltOClOf
Witness Witness
Signature, Name & Address Signature, Name & Address
Pase23 of26

===== PAGE 24 =====
ANNEXURE - V
Terms and Condition applicable in case of Insurance
1. In case any consignment meets with an accident/highjack/theft during transit of materials/ goods theft
case is reported, it is the responsibility of the service Provider to inform about such accident and theft
case to the concern at Mother Dairy logistics and commercial dept., immediately after the information
received by the Service Provider. The Service Provider must inform along with compete details of such
consignment through mail immediately after such incidents reported and should proceed with Formal
Police Complaint and Formal FIR for such cases, which should include the complete details of
consignment. Claim may be rejected by the Insurance, lf service provider fail to submit required
documents within stipulated time line of 30 Days.
2. The concern at Mother Dairy will arrange necessary spot survey and Formalities at Accident/Theft Spot
and after completing the formalities at Spot, the Service Provider will allow to transship the materials to
another vehicle and onward transportation to Consignee Godown.
3. Service provider should inform the concern at Mother Dairy immediately after reporting the
transshipped vehicle / accident / Theft consignment at the CFA Godown over phone and mail.
4. It is responsibility of the Service Provider to provide the documents in the like of way bill, consignment
notes, STN (Stock Transfer Note/lnvoices copies, copy of police complaint, Formal FIR Copy and vehicle's
driver's documents like as Copy of Driving license, Registration Certificate of vehicle, Fitness Certificate,
Insurance copy, Pollution certificate, permits etc. to concern mother dairy representative at Mother dairy
CFA.
5. The Service provider's representatives/ its Driver should cooperate to give statement explaining all the
timings and things starting at the time of dispatching the truck from the consignor's premises and up to
the time of leaving the truck/vehicle from the spot of accident /Theft after necessary police complaint,
Formal FIR (with complete details of the consignment and the incident) and spot survey of materials by
authorized surveyor deputed by Insurance Co. The said statement must contain the details like how the
accident / Theft took place, situations of accident / Theft of materials and the status of spot survey with
materials conditions. The heading of the statement should be Service Provide/s Statement / Driver's
Statement and it must be certified by the Service Provider's representative on depot letterhead with Full
Name, Signature, and Contact No & Driving License No.
6. The concern at Mother Dairy will arrange Final Surveyor at CFA godown for final verification of stocks.
7. Driver/CFA should not touch the consignment until the Service Provider's authorized Representative
(other than the driver) and the surveyor reaches at godown for final survey of materials.
8. The Service Provider representative should co-ordinate with the CFA representative and the surveyor for
an immediate survey of the affected consignment / materials for avoiding further damage to the
materials.
9. In case of any loss to Mother Dairy Goods, where the service provider fails to provide the valid documents
required to cover such losses under insurance (Refer to Annexure -V Clause No. 17). In that case all such
losses lead to the rejection of insurance claim or any short recovery under insurance claim. All such losses
shall be recovered from the service provider.
VINAYAK LOGISTICS INDIA PVT, LTD.
Pas.e 24 of 26
Director

===== PAGE 25 =====
10. The Service Provider should co-operate with the surveyor for taking necessary photographs before
unloading, during unloading, after unloading, during segregation and after segregation of total materials
in the presence depot representative.
11. The Service Provider should ensure that all the unloading, counting and segregation must be done in the
presence of depot representative and the surveyor, driver etc. in order to avoid any future dispute.
After total unloading and segregation, CFA may prepare draft unloading report on different pages and
the final cumulative unloading report should be provided on CFA letter head along with both stamp
certifications of CFA (Address Stamp and Signatory Stamp) and it must be agreed and certified by the
Service Provider's representative on depot letterhead with his Full Name, Signature, and Contact No &
Driving License No etc. as samples provided earlier for STOCK TRANSFER NOTE/lnvoice back side and
LORRY RECEIPT back side acknowledgement.
12. A Joint Inspection Report of Consienment no --- Dated ----- should be signed by all the eyewitnesses
including surveyor, Service Providers representative, and depot representative after complete
segregation of materials as above.
13. After completing the Unloading Report and Joint Inspection Report as above, CFA should prepare the
Delivery acknowledgement on the back side of Lorry Receipt /Consignment Note, STOCK TRANSFER
NOTE/lnvoice and on Consignment Receipt Report by using carbons in between the original copy and
copy of these documents of the Service Provider and it must be certified with both stamp of CFA
(Address Stamp and Signatory Stamp) and it must be agreed and certified by the Service provider's
representative with his Full Name, Signature, and Contact No & Driving License No as samples provided
earlier for STOCK TRANSFER NOTE/Invoice's back side and Lorry Receipt's back side acknowledgement.
The Service Provider should also collect CRR (Consignment Receipt Report) and joint inspection report
before leaving the truck from the godown/CFA In-charge.
14. The Service Provider should follow the instructions strictly which shall be given by Mother Dairy and the
authorized surveyor in consultation with Mother Dairy and should not take any decision at their end.
15. The Service Provider should clarify their doubts / query with Mother Dairy related to any formalities/ any
process for the final survey.
The Service Provider must ensure that the details mentioned on all the consignment documents (like as
Unloading Report, Joint Inspection Report, Delivery Acknowledgement Copies on the back side of STOCK
TRANSFER NOTE/INVOlCE, LORRY RECEIPT/Consignment Note, and Consignment Receipt Report should
match and should be same and there should not be any overwriting or cutting on any of the
acknowled geme nt/ repo rt.
16. The Service provider (Service Provider's representative /Driver) should not leave the accident site or CFA
premises till completing the formalities of Final Survey and without getting the consent from Mother
Dairy.
17. Carrier Registration Certificate is required for all Service providers for Insurance claim purposes. In
absence of this document, if any claim will be rejected or short claim passed against the insurance claim,
The same cost to be borne by Service provider.
l.
Original stamped Acknowledged Police complaint
2.
Original Formal FIR lodged with police authorities for investigation.
3.
Certified Final Report issued by the police authorities along with police investigation.
4.
Copy of valid Truck Documents like as Registration Certificate, Truck Permit, Fitness Certificate,
Insurance, Service records, Vehicle Owner Pan Card, ld cards etc.
LTD. PAgE25 Of 26
VINAYAK LOGISIIT:S |NDIAPW,
>lff^*tt" w'tl^*
'
Dlrector

===== PAGE 26 =====
5.
Original consignment notes
6.
Original Stock Transfer note
7.
Road Permits of the materials transit
8.
Waybills of the materials
9.
Driving License of the driver who was driving the truck.
10. Toll Tax Slips up to the Fire accident spot
11. Weight Slips of the materials / Truck
12. Various Photographs taken from the Accident Spot
13. original Driver statement on White paper along with the Full Name, Signature, Driving License no and
contact no of the Driver
t4. Eyewitness statement if available
15. Detailed Transporter's/ service provider's statement on letterhead with stamp and sign stating the
details at the time of placing the vehicle through which broker, from where, loaded date & timings etc.
and routes covered by the trucks towards consignee location and all other available details including the
materials details and consignment details.
16. Shortage Da mage Delivery Certificate
L7. N on-Delive ry Ce rtificate
18. Any other documents related to the Insurance claim.
Mother Dairy Fruit & Vegetable Pvt. Ltd VINAYAK LOGISTICS INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED
VIIIAYAK LOGISTICS IiIDAPW LTD.
W^*+t^*L1'
Authorised Signatory Authorised Signatory Direclof
Witness Witness
Signature, Name & Address
Page 26 of 26